Last Changed: 3/5/2014

End User License Agreement (EULA)

Because this license agreement is necessary to protect the game StarMade sold through star-made.org, as well as the members of our community, we have to introduce a set of rules for downloading and playing StarMade. In case you break these rules we are allowed to stop you from using StarMade. As we seem necessary, our lawyers will be consulted.
By downloading and playing, or using the game in any other way, you are agreeing to the rules of this EULA. Otherwise you are not permitted to buy, download, use, or play StarMade.

* Re-Destribution and Commercial Use

One general rule is that you are not permitted to distribute anything made by the creator of StarMade and his partners. You are not allowed to give copies away without permission, make commercial use of, try to make money from, or let people get access to StarMade and its content in a way that is not fair or unreasonable.

This especially includes, but is not limited to, the client and server software of StarMade of official versions, as well as modified versions.
Using StarMade

As long as the game is "free to play", or if you bought the game on the website, you are allowed to use it on your computer.
Without permission you are not allowed to call anything you made with, or related to StarMade "official".
If you make something with, or related to StarMade, it has to comply with this EULA and the brand and asset usage guidelines and above all do not make commercial use of anything we have made.

If you buy StarMade from this website, you are permitted to install the Game on your own computer and use and play it on that computer as set out in this EULA. This permission is personal to you, so you are not allowed to distribute the Game (or any part of it) to anyone else. This also means you cannot sell or rent the Game, or make it available for access to other people and you cannot pass on or resell any license keys. You may however give gift codes that have been bought through our website.
You have permission to adapt StarMade for your own personal (non-commercial) use, but you must not distribute your adaptations in any way that is unfair or adversely affects our rights in StarMade. Beyond that, you are not allowed to copy, reverse engineer or de-compile StarMade without permission.

As long as it's within reason, you are allowed to use screenshots and videos of StarMade: You must not make any commercial use of them or do things that are unfair or adversely affect our rights. You are allowed to put adds on your video and monetize them when you upload them to a video sharing website like YouTube.

Do not make commercial use of anything we've made unless specifically permitted by us, either in our brand and asset usage guidelines or under this EULA. Exceptions are in case the law expressly allows it, such as under a "fair-use" or similar law.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone who is maliciously attempting to prevent other users from reliably accessing our services.

* Content

If you make any content available on or through our Game, you must give us permission to use, copy, modify and adapt that content. This permission must be irrevocable, and you must also let us permit other people to use, copy, modify and adapt your content. If you don‘t want to give us this permission, do not make content available on or through our Game. Please think carefully before you make any content available, because it will be made public and might even be used by other people in a way you don‘t like.

If you are going to make something available on or through our Game, it must not be offensive to people or illegal, it must be honest, and it must be your own creation. The types of things you must not make available using our Game include: posts that include racist or homophobic language; posts that are bullying or trolling; posts that might damage our or another person‘s reputation; posts that include porn, advertising or someone else‘s creation or image; or posts that impersonate a moderator or try to trick or exploit people.

Any content you make available on our Game must also be your creation. You must not make any content available, using the Game, that infringes the rights of anyone else. If you post content on our Game, and we get challenged, threatened or sued by someone because the content infringes that persons rights, we may hold you responsible and that means you may have to pay us back for any damage we suffer as a result. Therefore it is really important that you only make content available that you have created and you don‘t do so with any content created by anyone else.
    Please watch out if you are talking to people in our Game. It is hard for either you or us to know for sure that what people say is true, or even if people are really who they say they are. You should think twice about giving out information about yourself.

* Ownership

The ownership of the game remains with us. We are also the owners of our brands and content distributed with StarMade. When you pay for StarMade, you are buying a permission to play or use StarMade in accordance with this EULA. You are not buying the Game itself. The only permissions you have in connection with StarMade are the permissions set out in this EULA.
    Any modifications or tools for StarMade you create yourself from scratch belong to you. Furthermore plugins for StarMade also belong to you and you can do whatever you want with them, as long as you don‘t sell them for money or try to make money from them. It remains our right to decide what constitutes as a plugin.

* Upgrades

Upgrades and updates can be made available from time to time, but we are not obliged to do so. Furthermore we are also not obliged to provide ongoing support or maintenance of StarMade. This is the absolute worst case and we really hope of course to continue releasing updates for StarMade, but we cannot guarantee we will do so.

* Our Liability

When you get a copy of StarMade, we provide it ‘as is‘. Updates and upgrades are also provided ‘as is‘. This means that we are not making any promises to you about the standard or quality of StarMade or that StarMade will be uninterrupted or error free or for any loss or damage that they cause. We only promise to provide StarMade and any services with reasonable skill and care. Please note that StarMade is still uncompleted and so it may (and often will) have bugs.
NEITHER STARMADE (GAME AND OWNER) NOR ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COVER OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR THE INABILITY TO USE EQUIPMENT OR ACCESS DATA, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR THE LIKE), ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SOFTWARE AND BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF STARMADE (GAME AND OWNER) OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

* Termination

We have the right to terminate this EULA in case of a breach of the terms. The right to terminate this EULA by uninstalling/deleting StarMade remains with you. The paragraphs about "Ownership”, “Our Liability” and “RE-DISTRIBUTION AND COMMERCIAL USE” will continue to apply even after the EULA is terminated.

* General

The EULA is subject to any legal rights you might have. Nothing in these terms and conditions will limit any of your rights that may not be excluded under law nor shall it exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence nor any fraudulent representation.
We may also change this EULA from time to time but those changes will only be effective to the extent that they can legally apply.
If you supply suggestions to StarMade, that suggestion is made for free. This means we can use your suggestion in any way we want, and we don‘t have to pay you for it. In case you think you have a suggestion that we would be willing to pay you for, you must tell us you expect to be paid before you tell us the suggestion.
